Add ValueFrom and nested infos (#83)
wintercms/docs: backend-lists.md

`align` | specifies the column alignment. Possible values are `left`, `right` and `center`.
`permissions` | the [permissions](users#users-and-permissions) that the current backend user must have in order for the column to be used. Supports either a string for a single permission or an array of permissions of which only one is needed to grant access.

<a name="custom-value-selection"></a>
### Custom value selection

> It is possible to change the source and display values for each column. If you want to source the column value from another column, do so with the `valueFrom` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to change the source and display values for each column. If you want to source the column value that is actually displayed from another model attribute (or even a relationship's attribute) you can do so with the `valueFrom` option.
```

```yaml
other_name:
    label: Something Great
    valueFrom: name
```
<a id="nested-column-selection"></a>
### Nested column selection

> In some cases it makes sense to retrieve a column value from a nested data structure, such as a [model relationship](../database/relations.md) column or a [jsonable array](../database/model.md#standard-properties). The only drawback of doing this is the column cannot use searchable or sortable options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases it makes sense to retrieve a column value from a nested data structure, such as a [model relationship](../database/relations.md) column or a [jsonable array](../database/model.md#standard-properties). The only drawback of doing this is the column cannot be marked as searchable or sortable as those options require the column to actually exist in the database table.
```

> In some cases it makes sense to retrieve a column value from a nested data structure, such as a [model relationship](../database/relations.md) column or a [jsonable array](../database/model.md#standard-properties). The only drawback of doing this is the column cannot be marked as searchable or sortable as those options require the column to actually exist in the database table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases it makes sense to retrieve a column value from a nested data structure, such as a [model relationship](../database/relations) column or a [jsonable array](../database/model#standard-properties). The only drawback of doing this is the column cannot be marked as searchable or sortable as those options require the column to actually exist in the database table.
```

```yaml
content[title]:
    name: Title
    sortable: false
```

> The above example would look for the value in PHP equivalent of `$record->content->title` or `$record->content['title']` respectively. To make the column searchable, and for performance reasons, we recommend duplicating its value on the local database table using [model events](../database/model.md#events).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example would look for the value in PHP equivalent of `$record->content->title` or `$record->content['title']` respectively. If you need to make the column searchable or sortable, you could use [model events](../database/model#events) to locally replicate the nested value onto a real database table column whenever it changes.
```
